Samuel ink functions sometimes you cannot find the exact functions that you want.
Then you can try the different function blocks the function blocks are found in user defined functions
library.
Let's try the function block I will add display and constant blocks
I will do the wiring
by double clicking the function block we can change the definition of the function which is function
of you.
In this example I will keep it as simple as possible but you can try complex ones.
I will write exponential or e XP of you which will take the signal you and get exponential of it.
OK runs a model as you can see as the result is two point 7 1 8 which is e to the power one.
Let's try 0 for example
so output is 1 in some cases you may want to define a metal a function for example a program function
to do a certain operation or to produce a certain output based on the input to do so.
We use matlab function plot drag and drop the matlab function plug and also a display block and a constant
block now makes a wiring to define the function double click on the plug as you can see is the first
line is function Y equals to FC n or function of you.
So the input is you and output signal is Y.
So I can see for example if you is bigger than or equals to 1 y equals 2 3 semicolon else Y equals 2
negative 3 and
so let's try the input signal 1.
Can you think of the ALP correct.
It's now try 0
correct.
The outlook is negative 3 so functions are very important plucks and Samuel link and for more complex
models in application like automotive or something you will use this pluck a lot.